gh-122623: Improve `c-api/bytearray.rst` with error handling info (#122624)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/bytearray.rst

   Return a new bytearray object from any object, *o*, that implements the
   :ref:`buffer protocol <bufferobjects>`.

>    On failure, ``NULL`` is returned with an exception set.

Reviewer: How about something slightly more succinct, and also using the imperative mood?

```suggestion
   On failure, return ``NULL`` with an exception set.
```
